what's going on guys and I'm player here
and today i'm bringing you guys another
ghost random classes series and there's
a lot of people's middle and i got taken
off the bat but ever got the k7 when the
ducky camo and also the cast at launcher
and I'm gonna see if I'm get killed this
thing is pretty hard to use people tend
to drop you really quickly note that one
way over his head you'll see if I can
reload he disappeared yeah he
disappeared Benny we've been given the
the more like an explosive class the
person whose chest it went a little bit
over budget and he suggested perks that
will kind of like you you can't fit
enough of them in so I decided to take
I'm pretty shorting oh I just drop shot
an ID that was that was a terrible idea
I'm really comforting a region here be a
suggested i think it was lethal damage
increase which i think he means by that
danger close but i don't think he had
took into account how expensive that
perk was so i took away and i took away
the two tactical grenade park in favor
for that so i tried to if you give me a
class there's a little bit over budget i
tried to remove something that's kind of
lit the least impactful to the class and
still kind of has the same essence so i
think he wanted me to there's a lot of
guys oh I think you wanted me to use
more explosives and stuff like that
there's guy that's trying throw a knife
in our that missed him how did I not get
him okay but I'm going to die if I'm not
careful i'm really gonna die there's
loads of guys around here i'm just going
to kind of move around this gift shop i
think the guy stood up that I've got a
feeling is still there i'm going to
throw the 9 bang I'm just gonna run away
I think teammates even going to hell
they're gonna get him but I'm evacuating
the situation I'm one of my dog and I've
got 45 bullets left there's a guy
another one oh my god I so close to dead
I really need focus on this class I
cannot play with that focus but we are
one off the Trinity and then we've got
battle hind as the final streak and I
need to pick up this honey bed just
simply because I'm about to run out of
ammo I've killed this guy like three
times in a row I'll recognize his
gamertag just kind of
seeing in my crosshairs a lot okay I'm
going to go and call him I Trinity catch
up me dog come on keep up I'm gonna call
this in that's a lot of people should be
able to get some kills are just the one
it's all good i think doug is what's my
dog doing all my wolf even seems to be I
thought you just ran after someone on a
dime a que 7 anymore i just realized i
think i switched out for the loss to
switch out for the honey badger i'm used
to only having one weapons when you pick
up it kind of like adds to it but I
didn't realize oh that's the same guy
again I keep killing it and that's like
four times in a row now I think I'm look
exactly sure and let's make that five I
just keep getting this guy keeps coming
back for revenge he's gonna kill me
there's two guys over there he's too far
away and I need this maverick or this
one do some work see if he's falling
around there I guarantee of that guy's
gonna kill me eventually he keeps on
coming back for more and I keep on
killing him is inevitable that he is
going to kill me at some point very soon
and I know he's gonna be coming back for
revenge no shoot my shop attention which
often happens my dog my dog just
disappear someone must have killed him
I'll besma dog he's just lying down the
floor dr. so easy so easy to kill
sometimes my dogs anyway I always seem
to get easily killed by dogs when I have
a dog they just seem to run around and
get killed easily i'm just gonna hang
around this kind of aquarium area 4,000
enemy shot a teammate baxton on see if i
get second don't see if i can loop
around and get second set of streets
because i know the warning yep they're
already sporting right up here we're
going to come with me and that guy he is
going to be come back for revenge one
hundred percent i know he's going to be
coming through any second there's a
massive empty space i know they're all
nice morn there hopefully i'm not crazy
in a walkthrough yep shadow
there's one other guys going to come out
and pretty Frank me to be honest I know
it's got destroyed I was kind of fair
enough i was kind of camping in that
spot but the idea like a 7 it's really
cool weapon to use is really bad at long
range but it's really good at close
range and 18 and 21 a decent lil streak
there cut my top streak so I'm happy
with that I know you took me out I think
at some points the air the k7 suppressor
just really is quite hindrance and he
got me again that's twice that was too
bad death the same guy I'm gonna try and
love online bang in the ends he ever get
some hit markers normally it does if
usually lower nine bagging the ads very
very easy to get kills to get a hit
markers because it's it tends to kind of
cover a massive radius ah miss the lunge
that's the same guy I think that was the
same guy that could with three times in
a row now these been too bad def so I'll
try and get through out a knife kill
you're gonna walk around no I'm going to
throw anyway I tried to get normally a
kill with like every aspect of the
classroom given because normally don't
run secondaries and lethal em so I try
to if you give me like those stuff I try
to use and kind of get killed with every
aspect and use all my equipments and not
just revolve around the main primary as
I normally would but i do want to try
and get a throwing knife kill that's you
guys nope that's about it i'm just gonna
die i'm just gonna die this is not a
good idea that was not smart I need he
died just then if we're going to come up
yep there's one guy and another think
that was the two guys I just tried to
fail horribly at throwing i won our team
ago I just failed horribly at throwing
throw knives at them I'm gonna try and
get cast at em kill final kill him no I
was second last kill where's that one
more guy one more guy come on walk
around corner where is he ah no someone
else got the kill anyway that was a
really fun game 20 15 with the k7 ducky
camo hope you enjoyed that video Remz
give a like if you did and leave your
fire station in the comments if you
wanted to use them and do be considerate
about the kind of person
make sure kind of adds up quark people
hoping to draw the video remember so
they were like you did and I'll see us
you